If the creatures from Bird Box started appearing
in the news, causing mass suicides globally,
what would you do?
What could you do?
In this video on Nerd Explains, I’ll tell
you, how to survive Bird Box.
Firstly, I have to laugh at the news stations
live broadcasting the demon that causes you
to kill yourself if you see it.
I mean, the news would definitely do something
like that.
If it bleeds it leads, ya know what i’m
saying.
I mean the movie, the ring, has already come
out, we’re already aware of this concept.
Good god I think suicide is a mercy killing
for Sandra having to be surrounded by nosy-ass
know-it-alls like this.
Sandra did most things correctly given her
situation.
I have to applaud a horror movie where the
people actually make reasonably correct decisions
based on their circumstances, and survive
not just through sheer luck like Brad Pitt
in WWZ.
It just so happens that even with Sandras
good decision making and survival instincts,
she barely makes it to the sanctuary.
And that sanctuary isn’t a safe place by
a longshot, watch the film heralds video to
see why.
We can’t honestly say we’d have made better
decisions which would lead to a better outcome.
I know for a fact I'd have done what Greg
did and used the security cameras.
Just pixels and heat, a very logical decision.
And we know how that ended up.
I do think the characters navigated their
surroundings too well though.
I mean, you go get in your car and see how
far down the road you get using the GPS system.
Don’t actually do that.
But the point is even Ricky Bobby couldn’t
do it, and those roads didn’t have bodies,
planes, cars, and other debris all over the
road.
Let’s just run through the reasons you wouldn’t
survive Bird Box if it occurred to you:
You’d probably be one of the initial people
that sees the demon before you have forewarning
of what’s going on.
Shit, like in WWZ, you’d probably get killed
in a car accident before you even knew there
was an apocalypse going on.
If you made it long enough to realize looking
at the demons is suicide, well, congrats but
you’re still screwed.
The demons aren’t really a threat if you’re
blindfolded, so the biggest reasons you won’t
survive is that finding and cooking non-perished
food and clean water is extremely difficult.
Not only is sight restricted, but you can’t
make any noise or throw food on the grill
either as thousands of psychos are patrolling
the cities searching for you, and they can
use sight and all their other senses to find
you.
They will probably watch grocery stores and
areas where clean water is available as well.
So Bird Box effectively has all the dangers
of A Quiet Place too, including badly timed
pregnancies.
The demons don’t seem to require sustenance,
they are everywhere, they are many, and they
invaded the entire globe in hours.
This is similar to The Happening, except the
plants are invisible moving entities that
kill via visual stimuli that causes psychological
damage.
So if you were thrust into that situation.
You'd pretty much be dead.
Instead, let's tackle this from the perspective
of a research scientist stationed at Area
51.
Before we do, consider subscribing to the
channel so you can know how to survive all
kinds of situations like this.
Lucky you, you’re in an underground military
installation in the middle of the desert where
you have fake windows with fake representations
of the outdoors so you don’t go insane.
But most importantly, you have all the tech,
food, water, and security you need so you
can focus on figuring out how to beat the
Bird Box apocalypse.
Let’s also say that you are aware you can’t
look at cameras, videos, or any visual representation
of the demon, because your coworker did and
committed suicide, again, lucky you.
You need to get more info on these demons,
but how, you can’t even see them.
I’m going to take a shot in the dark and
say Area 51 has NSA access.
Tune into the radio signals and read, emphasis
on read, the news reports, social media posts,
phone calls, phone activity and location data,
everything.
You can analyze all the global data and determine
a lot of the aspects of the demon.
Considering the demons are global and everywhere,
you can still go outside and physically test
various hypotheses.
What else did you find out about the demon?
They have strong abilities that enable them
to cause mass suicides of their prey, which
sounds supernatural but Jim Jones and many
other cult leaders have led mass suicides
throughout history.
Some forms of hypnosis and Zoolander-esque
mind control could be at play.
Seriously, there are conspiracy theories that
governments use electromagnetic radiation
to transmit sounds and thoughts into people's
heads to control them, illuminati confirmed.
They occupy physical space, as they cast shadows,
move vegetation, and set off proximity alarms.
They are quite large considering the trees
that they move.
They are invisible, yet this may just be because
of how they manipulate our perception of them.
They don’t enter buildings or homes.
They show signs of animal level intelligence
with psychic powers.
Probably why they can’t open doors or enter
homes.
The demons know intimate things about you,
like past loved ones.
Though this is actually probably a byproduct
of the psychological distress caused by the
demon.
People with severe mental issues are turned
into crazies that attack others, but don’t
commit suicide themselves.
It’s like Joe Rogan with DMT, except Bird
Box DMT causes you to commit suicide.
It’s also similar to WWZ where being ill
protects you from being a healthy host for
the infection, the same applies to Bird Box,
except psychologically.
Bird’s have a unique immunity, hence the
title of the movie, where other animals do
not.
Birds are like the terminally ill people in
WWZ.
But why, what is it about Birds.
Well they have very distinct differences in
sight.
They can see ultraviolet light and magnetic
fields, they have a much higher frames per
second that enables them to track rapid movements
that would be a blur to us, and they can detect
extremely slow movements, like Drax in Guardian
of the Galaxy.
How does this all help us?
It’s possible that the demons are imperceptible
in visible light, but not in UV light where
the birds can see them.
So you could use UV sensors to see the demons
and other horrors amongst your living space,
but items under UV light still retain their
form, so you’d still see the imagery that
causes you to commit suicide.
Also, dog’s can see UV light and there’s
a peculiar lack of stray dogs.
I also looked at intelligence and types of
intelligence looking for clues as to why birds
survived, thinking that they are too stupid
to comprehend the demon’s imagery, but again,
dogs don’t survive this so I have no clue
why.
If you have a theory share it in the comments
please.
It seems low fidelity vision works, as long
as faces or complete pictures don't form.
So we could craft an augmented reality headset
that shows only rudimentary echolocation or
thermal imaging.
Which may work depending on if the demons
give off heat signatures.
If you have some dogs or animals around, you
could put the headset goggles on them and
send them outside to greet the creatures.
I feel so evil for suggesting that.
But it could be the difference in humanity
surviving or perishing so yah.
Once you find the specific wavelength range
that the demon is visible in by trial and
error, sorry doggos, you can then occlude
that wavelength from being visible in your
headset.
The point is, this entity causes a unique
signature that we can occlude in the headset.
This way we can see the entity by way of blackouts
in the headset.
Np picture or imagery would be able to form,
as the entity’s wavelength is blocked out
before it can reach your eye.
Now that sight is restored, you leveled the
playing field.
You can broadcast this to the rest of the
survivors in the world (Independence Day)
and try to begin clearing out areas of psychos,
airdropping headsets, reestablishing supply
lines of food and water, etc.
Once survival is sustainable, we can locate
and test ways to kill the demons.
We simply don’t have much information on
them right now to say what could kill them
for sure.
If they are unkillable somehow, well everyone
would be transitioning to having brain machine
interface headsets in the future anyways,
so society won’t look much different.
Do you agree with augmented reality headsets
being the solution or at least a giant step
towards killing these entities?
Let me know in the comments
Thanks for watching, later.